[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Carly on phone:
HEY, IT'S CARLY.
YOU KNOW THE DRILL.
HERE'S THE BEEP.
CARLY, WHERE ARE YOU!?
IF YOU'RE NOT GONNA
ACTUALLY CATCH
THIS BIG STORY
YOU SAY YOU'RE CHASING,
THEN GIVE ME YOUR LEADS
SO I CAN PASS IT OFF
TO A REAL REPORTER!
[SIGH]]
YOU SHOULD GO
NOW.
GO!?
I HAVE BAD GUYS
TO DEAL WITH.
AND I HAVE TO
GET MY STORY.
JUST LET ME
TAKE A PI...
WHA... HUH?
WHAT?
STOP GOING DOWN
THIS PATH, CARLY.
IT'S DEEPER AND DARKER
THAN YOU COULD POSSIBLY KNOW,
AND IT'S GOING TO
GET REAL DANGEROUS.
BUT...
I NEED THIS SCOOP.
MY WHOLE FUTURE
DEPENDS ON IT.
LOOK.
WHEN THIS IS OVER,
I'LL SPILL IT ALL,
BUT FOR NOW,
JUST STAY OUT OF IT.
BUT, UH...
DON'T YOU WANT ME
AROUND?
THE PAPARAZZI?
NO THANKS!
THAT WAS COLD.
OHH. THERE'S NO WAY I CAN
TELL HIM THAT IT'S NOT JUST
ABOUT THE STORY ANYMORE!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[GROANING]
GO AWAY.
GO AWAY!
[GRUNTING]
I WANT IT ALL BACK!
I WANT THE MONEY
I SPENT ON YOUR DISGUISE!
AND I WANT THE TIME I SPENT
TRYING TO CHEER YOU UP.
AND... AND I WANT THE FLIRTY
LOOKS I GAVE YOU BACK,
AND I WANT MY HEART BACK!
I WANT IT TO NOT BE
SO BROKEN!
[SOBBING]
COME ON, CARLY,
LISTEN TO YOURSELF.
[THINKING]
FORGET JACK ATLAS.
I DON'T NEED HIM.
THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS NOW
IS UNRAVELING THE MYSTERY
BEHIND THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
FINISH YUSEI OFF
WHEN YOU HAD THE CHANCE?
WHAT'S THE BIG RUSH,
ROMAN?
WE HAVEN'T EVEN
GATHERED THE REST OF
THE DARK SIGNERS YET.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT
WHAT I DIDN'T DO,
AND THINK ABOUT WHAT I DID!
BY SHOWING YUSEI
THE TRUE POWER
OF THE DARK SIGNERS,
I WAS ABLE TO REACH
INTO HIS HEART
AND CRUSH HIS CONFIDENCE!
YOU SHOULDA SEEN HIS FACE
WHEN CCAPAC APU WAS
ABOUT TO DESTROY HIM.
HE WAS TERRIFIED.
I COULD FEEL HIM TREMBLING!
DON'T YOU SEE?
HE DOUBTS HIMSELF NOW,
AND SELF-DOUBT
IS A DUELIST'S WORST ENEMY.
THE UNCERTAINTY
HE FEELS RIGHT NOW
WILL GROW INSIDE OF HIM
AND EVENTUALLY TEAR HIM APART.
[LAUGHING]
YUSEI! HEY,
HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
MUCH BETTER.
AND I HOPE YOU
AND THE OTHERS ARE, TOO.
WE'RE FEELING FINE.
WE JUST HAD
THE SNIFFLES, IS ALL.
ARE YOU GONNA BE ABLE
TO FIX YOUR RIDE?
IF YOU NEED US
TO SCAVENGE SOME NEW PARTS,
JUST SAY THE WORD.
ARE YOU SURE?
YOU GUYS HAVE ALREADY
DONE SO MUCH.
SURE, I'M SURE!
WHAT ARE BEST FRIENDS
FOR, ANYWAY?!
WHATEVER YOU NEED.
YOU GUYS RULE.
[THINKING]
BUT EVEN IF I CAN
FIX MY DUEL RUNNER,
I'M JUST NOT
SURE ANYMORE
IF I HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES
TO BEAT
THESE DARK SIGNERS
AND WIN THIS WAR.
YUSEI!
WATCH OUT!
[GROWLING]
HOW IS IT?
IN ADDITION
TO FIXING IT,
THEY MADE A FEW
MINOR MODIFICATIONS.
IT RIDES BETTER
THAN BEFORE.
ALMOST MAKES ME GLAD
IT TOOK A REAL BEATING.
[SCREAMING]
GOODWIN ALREADY
HAD SOME IDEAS
ON UPDATING
THE CHARGING SYSTEMS
AND THE TORQUE,
SO AS FAR
AS HE WAS CONCERNED,
THE CRASH PROVIDED
A GOOD EXCUSE
TO TAKE YOUR RUNNER
TO THE NEXT LEVEL.
HMM. SO GOODWIN WAS
ALREADY GEARING UP
TO TAKE ON THE DARK SIGNERS.
WELL, AS SOON AS
THE FINAL TWEAKS ARE TWEAKED,
I'LL BE HEADING BACK
TO THE SATELLITE SECTOR.
SO, UM...
YES?
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA
NAME THIS RUNNER?
I'VE ALWAYS THOUGHT
THAT A GREAT MACHINE
DESERVES A GREAT NAME.
HOW 'BOUT
PHOENIX WHIRLWIND?
HUH?
WHEN THE GREAT PHOENIX
ROSE UP FROM THE ASHES
OF DEFEAT,
IT WAS MORE POWERFUL
THAN EVER BEFORE.
AND AS FOR
THE WHIRLWIND BIT,
WELL, THAT PART
SHOULD BE OBVIOUS, MINA.
I AM GOING TO
BLOW MY OPPONENTS AWAY.
Kurumizawa:
SO I DID SOME DIGGING
LIKE YOU ASKED ME TO.
I SCOURED EVERY FORUM
AND BLOG TALKING ABOUT
THE FORTUNE CUP TOURNAMENT.
FROM WHAT I FOUND,
IT LOOKS LIKE THERE WERE
4 TOURNAMENT PARTICIPANTS
WITH THESE GLOWING MARKS
ON THEIR ARMS.
MM-HMM. GO ON.
YOU MENTIONED YUSEI
AND JACK ATLAS.
NOW, I SAW SOME PICS
OF THAT LUNA KID'S ARM,
DEFINITELY A GLOWING
THERE,
AND THERE'S TONS OF
CHATTER ABOUT AKIZA.
SO I FOUND VARIOUS
CELL PHONE SHOTS
OF THESE 4,
ZOOMED IN
ON THEIR ARMS,
FIXED THE RESOLUTION,
AND BOOYA!
SO WHAT ARE
THESE PATTERNS HERE?
WHAT DO THEY MEAN?
WELL, I HAVE NO IDEA.
I COULDN'T FIND
ANY MATCHES OR INFO
ON THE WEB.
HMM. THEN I GUESS
I'LL HAVE TO FIND OUT
FROM ONE OF THEM.
I'M DONE WITH JACK.
DON'T KNOW
IF YUSEI'S RECOVERED YET.
I DOUBT THE LITTLE GIRL
KNOWS WHAT'S GOING ON.
SO THAT LEAVES AKIZA.
BUT SHE'S IN THAT
ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
I FIGURED YOU'D COME
TO THAT CONCLUSION,
SO I WENT AHEAD
AND GATHERED INTEL
ON THAT BUNCH.
EH?!
YEAH! YOU'RE THE BEST!
I NEVER SAID
THIS INFORMATION WAS FREE.
OHH.
WELL, THEN, IN THAT CASE,
GOOD THING I'VE GOT THIS.
TA-DAAA!
THE ONE-OF-A-KIND
IMPOSSIBLE-TO-FIND
ORIGINAL
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
ACTION FIGURE!
THE NEGOTIATIONS
ARE COMPLETE.
SWEET!
[SIGH] SO I JUST
BOUGHT INFORMATION
ON THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT
THAT BASICALLY TELLS ME
THERE'S NOT MUCH INFORMATION
ON THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
HUH?
IT'S MISTY.
HOW IS IT THAT WE
KEEP ENDING UP
IN THESE SITUATIONS?
THIS ONE'S ON US.
IT WAS FOOLISH OF US
TO COME HERE
THINKING WE COULD TRUST
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
EVERYTHING
I KNOW ABOUT THEM
SHOULDA TOLD ME
THEY'D PULL A STUNT
LIKE THIS.
WHAT COULD THEY
POSSIBLY WANT WITH US?
I'M GUESSING IT'S LUNA
THEY'RE INTERESTED IN.
WELL, IF IT'S LUNA
THEY WANTED,
THEN WHY WOULD THEY
GO AND LOCK US UP?
I DUNNO.
IF THEIR GOAL IS
TO CAPTURE ALL OF THE SIGNERS,
THEN WE COULD BE
BAIT FOR YUSEI.
EITHER WAY, I DON'T THINK
THIS'LL END WELL FOR US.
YOU DON'T THINK
THEY'D...?!
LET'S NOT GO THERE,
GRAMPS.
LET'S FOCUS ON
FIGURING OUT A WAY
TO BUST OUTTA THIS PLACE.
LEO.
[DOOR OPENS]
HUH?
AKIZA!
YOUR BROTHER
IS GOING TO BE FINE.
WHAT DO YOU PEOPLE WANT?
SAYER THOUGHT
YOUR BROTHER MIGHT HAVE
THE POWERS OF A PSYCHIC DUELIST,
SO HE WANTED TO
TEST HIM OUT.
LEO DOESN'T HAVE
PSYCHIC ANYTHING!
I'M THE ONE WITH
THE CRAZY POWERS.
LET LEO GO!
YOU AND YOUR BROTHER
DON'T HAVE TO BE
AFRAID OF US, LUNA.
THE MOVEMENT HELPS PEOPLE
WHO'VE BEEN MORE OR LESS
DITCHED BY THE REST
OF THE WORLD.
WHADDYA MEAN?
WE HAVEN'T BEEN
"DITCHED" BY ANYONE.
WHEN DID YOU LAST
SEE YOUR PARENTS?
THEY KNOW THERE'S SOMETHING
DIFFERENT ABOUT YOU,
AND THAT SCARES THEM,
SO THEY DON'T COME AROUND MUCH.
EVENTUALLY,
THE REST OF THE WORLD
WILL FIND OUT ABOUT YOU
AND TREAT YOU THE SAME WAY,
YOU KNOW THIS.
THAT'S WHY YOU DON'T LIKE
TO LEAVE YOUR HOUSE.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
WITHOUT THE MOVEMENT,
YOU'LL GO THROUGH
THE SAME DRAMA THAT
I WENT THROUGH.
AND TRUST ME,
YOU DON'T WANT THAT.
AKIZA!
I THOUGHT
I'D FIND YOU HERE.
THE MEETING'S
ABOUT TO START.
TELL ME WHAT YOU'RE
GONNA DO WITH LEO,
SAYER?
HE DOESN'T HAVE ANY POWERS,
BUT WE CAN STILL USE HIM.
IF WE CAN CONVINCE HIM
TO JOIN THE MOVEMENT,
LUNA WON'T HAVE
MUCH OF A CHOICE.
THE KID'S
BEEN THROUGH A LOT.
DON'T HURT HIM ANYMORE.
DON'T WORRY, 'KIZA.
I AM NOT GONNA DO ANYTHING.
[THINKING]
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON,
IF... IF YOU CAN HEAR ME,
PLEASE, I NEED YOUR HELP.
PLEASE HELP ME.
HELP ME, ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON.
LUNA.
[GASP]
LUNA, I'M AFRAID
I CAN'T HELP YOU
RIGHT NOW.
I AM STILL BOUND
TO THIS DIMENSION
BY FORCES DARK
AND SINISTER.
BUT THERE MIGHT BE
A WAY.
RIGHT NOW,
MY SERVANT REGULUS
STRUGGLES DEEP
IN THE SHADOWS.
IF YOU CAN FIND HIM
AND FREE HIM FROM HIS CURSE,
PERHAPS THE TWO OF YOU
CAN COMBINE YOUR POWERS
AND BREAK THE SEAL
BINDING ME TO THIS ROCK.
YOU MUST FIND
REGULUS, LUNA.
WITHOUT HIM,
I WILL BE TRAPPED HERE
FOREVER.
WHO IS REGULUS?
IS HE A PERSON?
WHERE IS HE?
HOW DO I FIND HIM?
HELLO?
Carly: COULD YOU TELL ME
WHICH APARTMENT IS MISTY'S?
Woman: LAST NAME, PLEASE?
I THINK IT'S TREDWELL.
OH, SO YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR THE WORLD-FAMOUS SUPERMODEL
MISTY TREDWELL,
WHO TREASURES HER PRIVACY
AND DOESN'T WANNA
BE BOTHERED AT HER HOME
BY EVERY KOOK
OFF THE STREET.
LOOK, I KNOW HER.
WE'RE FRIENDS.
REALLY? THAT'S WEIRD,
'CAUSE I KNOW WHERE
MY FRIENDS LIVE.
HEY, I KNOW.
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME
YOU HAVE A SPECIAL DELIVERY
FOR HER,
SEE IF THAT WORKS?
WE ARE FRIENDS! WE...
WE MET AT A PARTY, ONCE.
OH, YOU MET
AT A PARTY, ONCE!
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY SO?
Misty: IT'S FINE, KATE.
MISTY!
IS EVERYTHING OK
WITH YOU?
YOU HAVE A VISITOR.
SHE SEEMS OFF TO ME.
REMEMBER ME, MISTY?
I WANTED TO ASK YOU
ABOUT SOMETHING,
BUT... BUT YOUR GUARD
DOG WOULDN'T LET ME IN.
SORRY, CARLY.
KATE TAKES HER JOB
VERY SERIOUSLY.
COME ON,
LET'S GO SOMEWHERE A
LITTLE MORE PRIVATE
SO WE CAN TALK.
[GIGGLE]
[SCOFF]
OHH.
DON'T JUST STAND THERE,
COME ON IN.
R-RIGHT.
I'LL GET US SOME TEA.
SORRY ABOUT THE MESS.
I JUST GOT BACK
FROM A SHOOT OVERSEAS.
THIS PLACE
IS AMAZING.
IT'S NOT BAD, I GUESS.
IT GETS A LITTLE LONELY
SOMETIMES.
YOU CAN SURROUND YOURSELF
WITH ALL SORTS OF THINGS,
BUT IF YOU'RE NOT
SURROUNDED BY PEOPLE
YOU LOVE,
IT ALL FEELS EMPTY.
DO YA' KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
GOSH, I KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT YOU MEAN!
SPOKEN LIKE A GIRL
IN LOVE.
I'M NOT IN LOVE.
WHO TOLD YOU THAT?
YOUR FACE TELLS ME
EVERYTHING.
EH?
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU DO
FORTUNE TELLING
BY READING PEOPLE'S
FACES AND STUFF, RIGHT?
[CHUCKLE]
BUT THE WAY YOU ARE
RIGHT NOW,
ANYONE COULD
READ YOUR FACE.
THE WAY I AM?
WHADDYA MEAN,
HOW AM I?
HERE, RELAX.
THANKS, MISTY.
SO WHAT'S UP?
WHAT DID YOU WANNA
ASK ME?
THIS MIGHT SEEM
KINDA WEIRD,
BUT I'M A JOURNALIST,
AND I'M INVESTIGATING
THAT CRIMSON DRAGON
THING
THAT APPEARED DURING
THE FORTUNE CUP,
AND, WELL, THAT LED ME
TO INVESTIGATE THAT
DUELIST NAMED AKIZA,
AND SO, UM...
THAT LED YOU TO INVESTIGATE
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
YEAH, AND I FOUND OUT
THAT YOU HAD SOME
CONNECTION TO THEM.
I NEVER GOT INVOLVED
WITH THEM,
BUT THEY MANAGED
TO SINK THEIR CLAWS
INTO MY YOUNGER BROTHER,
AND THEY TOOK HIM FROM ME.
[GASP]
[THINKING]
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M DOING THIS,
BUT I HAVE TO SEE IF MISTY'S
STORY IS TRUE.
THE LAST TIME
I SAW MY BROTHER,
HE HAD JUST COME BACK
FROM WATCHING A DUEL
IN THE NARROWS.
HE WAS TOTALLY DIFFERENT.
HE WAS GOING ON AND ON
ABOUT "THE MOVEMENT."
I ASKED HIM WHAT HE MEANT,
AND SUDDENLY WE WERE
FIGHTING,
AND THEN HE STORMED OFF,
AND I NEVER SAW HIM AGAIN.
DID YOU REPORT
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT
AND HAVE THEM
INVESTIGATED?
THE AUTHORITIES
ASKED A FEW QUESTIONS,
BUT NOTHING CAME OF IT.
AND THAT WAS THAT.
THAT'S WEIRD.
YOU WOULD THINK
THEY'D STEP UP
AND CONDUCT A FULL-ON
INVESTIGATION
IN THE CASE OF
A MISSING PERSON.
SOMEONE IN
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT
MUST HAVE SOME SERIOUS DIRT
ON ONE OF THE HIGHER-UPS
RUNNING THE CITY.
YOU MEAN LIKE
A SECRET COVER-UP?
THINK IT'S GOT
SOMETHING TO DO
WITH GOODWIN?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT THAT'S THE ONLY THING
THAT MAKES SENSE TO ME.
HMM.
WHAT KIND OF SECRET
COULD GOODWIN BE HIDING?
ARCADIA.
HUH?
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT THEY'RE ABOUT,
BUT I KNOW THEY'RE
NOT TO BE TRUSTED.
NO MATTER
WHAT THEY SAY TO YOU,
DON'T BELIEVE THEM,
THEY'RE LYING.
[THINKING]
I PROBABLY SHOULDN'T
EVEN BE HERE,
BUT THIS IS THE ONLY LEAD
I'VE GOT.
I'VE GOTTA FOLLOW IT
TO THE END.
Akiza: I THOUGHT
THERE WAS A MEETING.
Sayer: YOU'RE NOT
GONNA BE INVOLVED
IN GROUP MEETINGS
ANYMORE, AKIZA.
WE'VE GOT MUCH BIGGER
PLANS FOR YOU.
IT'S TIME
FOR THE MOVEMENT
TO SEEK MEMBERS
ACROSS THE GLOBE,
AND WHO BEST TO HELP
THAN OUR OWN FORTUNE CUP
PARTICIPANT?
I MEAN,
YOU'VE GOT STAR POWER
WRITTEN ALL OVER YOU, AKIZA.
YOU'RE GOING TO BECOME
THE LIVING SYMBOL
OF THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
YOU'RE GONNA TURN ME
INTO SOME KINDA
BILLBOARD?
DON'T LOOK AT IT LIKE THAT.
THIS IS A HUGE HONOR.
YOU'RE GOING TO LEAD
A LOT OF LOST SOULS
TO THE ONE PLACE
THEY CAN TURN TO, AKIZA.
PEOPLE ARE GOING TO
LOVE YOU.
WHERE AM I?
I FEEL LIKE I KEEP GOING DOWN
THE SAME HALLWAY OVER AND OVER.
[GASP]
[THINKING]
THERE SHE IS!
OH, MY. OH, NO.
I FORGOT TO SWEEP UP
BACK THERE.
EXCUSE ME.
UH, YES, SIR?
HAVE I SEEN YOU
BEFORE?
UH, YEAH.
I'M THE ONE
WHO FILLS IN
FOR THE FILL-INS
WHEN THEY'RE TOO SICK
TO FILL IN FOR
THE SICK ONES.
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
WELL, CARRY ON.
[GASP]
[THINKING]
THAT WAS CLOSE.
THIS MUST BE SAYER'S OFFICE.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT
LANGUAGE THIS IS,
BUT MAYBE I CAN FIND A PICTURE
OF A SYMBOL
THAT LOOKS LIKE
ONE OF THOSE MARKS.
HMM.
HUH? OH!
OHH...
A SECRET ROOM!
HMM.
AKIZA, YOU GO ON UP.
I HAVE TO ADDRESS
A SMALL RODENT PROBLEM.
OK, WEIRD.
AFTER HEARING MISTY'S STORY,
I MADE A LIST OF PEOPLE WHO'VE
GONE MISSING THE LAST FEW YEARS.
ALMOST EVERYONE ON MY LIST
IS MENTIONED IN THESE FILES.
WHAT IS THIS ARCADIA
MOVEMENT REALLY ABOUT?
OH! HUH?
DIRECTOR GOODWIN?
"REX GOODWIN LIVES A LIFE
OF MANY LIES,
ALL STEMMING FROM HIS..."
WELL, WELL,
A LITTLE MOUSE.
SAYER!
YOU SHOULD BE MORE CAREFUL.
YOU SHOULDN'T GO SCAMPERING
WHERE THERE COULD BE TRAPS.
AT FIRST, I THOUGHT
YOU MIGHT BE WORKING
FOR GOODWIN,
BUT JUDGING FROM
THE LOOK ON YOUR FACE,
I'M GUESSING
YOU'RE FLYING SOLO.
DOESN'T MATTER, THOUGH,
'CAUSE NOW THAT
YOU'VE SEEN WHAT YOU'VE SEEN,
I CAN'T LET YOU LEAVE.
IN THE INTEREST
OF GOOD SPORT,
ALLOW ME TO AT LEAST
GIVE YOU A FIGHTING CHANCE.
EH?
I'M WILLING TO GRANT YOU
A VERY SLIM HOPE.
YOU WANNA DUEL?
YOU CAN TRY TO RUN,
OR YOU CAN DUEL ME.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
OR SHOULD I JUST
LOCK YOU UP FOREVER NOW?
[THINKING]
I'M NOT AFRAID.
I CAN DO THIS.
I LEARNED A LOT
ABOUT DUELING
WHEN I DUELED WITH JACK!
AND, HEY, MAYBE
THIS COULD BE GOOD.
I COULD STOP TRYING TO
BE A REPORTER
AND BECOME THE WORLD'S
FIRST FAMOUS DUELING
MARRIED COUPLE
WITH JACK!
OH!
BRING IT ON.
YOU SHOULDA TRIED TO RUN.
LET'S DUEL!
THE FIRST MOVE IS MINE!
I SUMMON TELEKINETIC
SHOCKER IN ATTACK MODE!
Computer: IF YOUR PSYCHIC TYPE
MONSTER IS ABOUT
TO BE DESTROYED,
YOU CAN PAY 500 LIFE POINTS
AND DESTROY TELEKINETIC SHOCKER
IN ITS PLACE.
UNFORTUNATELY,
I CAN'T ATTACK YOU
WITH THIS MONSTER
ON THE TURN IT'S SUMMONED,
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE UP, LITTLE MOUSE.
THIS IS PROB'LY
THE ONLY TURN YOU'LL HAVE,
SO MAKE IT COUNT.
OK, HERE GOES!
EEH!
[THINKING]
"THE PERSON WHO DRAWS
THIS CARD IS DOOMED!"
I'M DOOMED?!
MAKES SENSE,
'CAUSE HE'S A PSYCHIC
DUELIST, AND...
AND THEY SAY THEY'RE
ABLE TO DEAL REAL
DAMAGE, SO IF...
NO! I CAN'T WORRY
ABOUT MY FORTUNE NOW.
I GOTTA DO SOMETHING.
I SUMMON FORTUNE FAIRY
SWEE IN ATTACK MODE!
THEN, FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE THE
UNACCEPTABLE RESULT
SPELL CARD!
NOW, WHEN I SUMMON
A FORTUNE FAIRY,
I CAN USE THIS
SPELL CARD
TO SUMMON ANOTHER ONE
TO THE FIELD!
I GIVE YOU,
FORTUNE FAIRY CHEE!
AND NEXT UP,
I'M ACTIVATING
ANOTHER SPELL CARD!
I CAN USE THIS SPELL
TO SUMMON
A FORTUNE FAIRY
FROM MY HAND
AS LONG AS IT'S NOT
AS POWERFUL
AS THE TWO OTHERS
ON MY FIELD.
I SUMMON
FORTUNE FAIRY HU!
NONE OF THEM
HAVE ATTACK POINTS.
LOOKS LIKE MY LITTLE MOUSE
ISN'T GOING TO BE AROUND
TO BOTHER ME MUCH LONGER.
AND HERE I WAS HOPING
FOR A REAL CHALLENGE.
OH, REALLY?
I'M NOT AS WEAK
AS YOU THINK I AM,
SAYER!
'CAUSE I'VE GOT THIS!
MIRACLE STONE!
FOR EVERY FORTUNE FAIRY
ON THE FIELD,
EACH ONE OF THEM GAINS
1,000 ATTACK POINTS,
SO WE'RE TALKING
3,000 EACH!
LUCKY FOR YOU,
THEY CAN'T ATTACK
ON THE TURN
THEY WERE SUMMONED.
SO I END MY TURN.
THE LITTLE MOUSE
HAS SOME SURPRISES.
BUT I HAVE SOME, TOO.
IT'S MY MOVE.
FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON PSYCHIC SNAIL!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
MY EMERGENCY TELEPORT SPELL,
WHICH LETS ME SUMMON
ANOTHER PSYCHIC MONSTER
FROM MY HAND OR DECK.
AND THE MONSTER
I'M SUMMONING
IS PSYCHIC COMMANDER!
[ROAR]
[THINKING]
HE'S GOT 3 MONSTERS
ON HIS FIELD,
BUT NONE OF THEM
ARE STRONG ENOUGH
TO TAKE ON MY
FORTUNE FAIRIES.
YOU THINK YOU'VE
BUILT YOURSELF
A SOLID DEFENSE,
BUT I'M AFRAID
YOU'RE MISTAKEN.
FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
PSYCHOKINESIS!
BY SACRIFICING
1,000 LIFE POINTS
TO THE POWER
OF TELOKENESIS,
I CAN DESTROY
ONE OF YOUR CARDS.
NOW, I WONDER WHICH CARD
I SHOULD DISPATCH OF?
HOW ABOUT MIRACLE STONE?
SINCE YOUR ENTIRE DEFENSE
DEPENDS ON THAT CARD.
AAH!
WITH THAT CARD GONE,
YOUR LITTLE FORTUNE FAIRIES
LOSE ALL THEIR ATTACK POINTS.
WELL, THAT'S NOT GOOD.
AND NOW,
TELEKINETIC SHOCKER ATTACKS!
[SCREAMING]
THAT HURT?
WHAT WAS THAT SHOCK?
THAT WAS THE POWER
OF THE PSYCHIC DUEL.
AND SO IS THIS!
GO, PSYCHIC SNAIL!
[YELLING]
YOU WON'T GET AWAY
WITH THIS.
SECTOR SECURITY
WILL COME LOOKING
FOR CARLY CARMINE.
OF COURSE THEY WILL,
AND YOU'LL BECOME
ANOTHER MISSING PERSON,
ONE MORE COLD CASE.
SECTOR SECURITY
CAN'T TOUCH US,
NOT AS LONG AS I KNOW
THE TRUTH ABOUT GOODWIN.
AND WHAT TRUTH
WOULD THAT BE?
EVERYONE IN THIS TOWN
JUST LOVES GOODWIN.
HE'S AN HONEST LEADER,
A MODEL CITIZEN,
NEW DOMINO CITY'S
FAVORITE SON.
BUT HE HAS A SECRET.
DIRECTOR GOODWIN IS
FROM THE SATELLITE SECTOR.
AND THAT, MY DEAR,
IS THE LEAST OF HIS SECRETS.
I WONDER
WHAT ELSE HE'S HIDING?
NIGHT-NIGHT, LITTLE MOUSE.
GO, PSYCHIC COMMANDER!
AAH!
OHH!
[YELLING]
YOUR EYES...
THEY'RE SHOWING ME
THE PATH YOU WILL TAKE.
IT IS A PATH THAT
WILL DISAPPEAR
INTO A DARKNESS, CARLY.
BUT WHEN YOU CHOOSE
TO TAKE THIS PATH,
YOU WILL KNOW YOURSELF BETTER
THAN YOU EVER HAVE BEFORE.
MISTY, HELP ME!